# Project Objectives (Johan)
A major travel company has tasked us with developing an information system that improves the operation of their in-house call management centre. 
This system will automatically assign end customers to well informed relationship managers with appropriate knowledge of the destination and its traditions. 
This process is done based on the match between a customer's profile and a relationship managers profile and skill. 
A customers profile will be automatically made using a profiler tool and a relationship managers profile is made through a 10 minute questionnaire upon them being hired. 
*** A customer's profile includes information such as … . 
*** A relationship managers profile may include age, sex, culture, language proficiency, experience and product knowledge. 
*** During outbound calls the system automatically calls a customer according to a customer target list. 
This list consists of tuples of information in the form of <potential customer, Product proposed> and it is provided to a specific relationship manager. 
The system retrieves the customer details from the database and provides the relationship manager guidelines and a script to help provide improved service to the end customer. 
For Inbound calls a customer contacts the CMC which has its own private branch exchange to route calls. 
*** A customer will get a score from 1-10 based on the likelihood to purchase the product (e.g. repeat customers may have a higher score, customers from particular postcodes may have lower scores, etc..). 
A customer with higher scores is served first. 
*** Similarly a skill score is allocated to a relationship manager based on their previous call duration and profile. 
Customer is redirected to a relationship manager according to skills and best match. 
During busy times a customer is directed to an interactive voice response unit promoting them for options. 
It may ask a few questions before redirecting the customer to the automatic call distributor routing the call to the first available appropriate relationship manager.

Scope (Erina Delinicolas) (Includes assumptions)


Stakeholders
End Customer - They are a stakeholder as they are one of the end users that will be using the product.
Relationship Manager - They are a stakeholder as they are one of the end users that will be using the product.
Local community where product will be in use - They are a stakeholder as they will be directly affected by the product. 
Product owner - They are a stakeholder as they are the person who owns and funds the product.




Approaches (Week 9-10) 
3. Describe your approach from a Design Thinking principles perspective. 

Development Methodology (Agile) (Week 4)
4. Explain the agile methodology, namely, Scrum you have used to carry out the procedure. In your explanation, ensure that you outline activities from Scrum that you use. 
Look at SES team charter
Make a backlog and user story diagram

Assumptions
5. List assumptions you have made in the systems analysis. 
(everyone has to do at least 5)

Proposed Models
UI “screens”


8. Document in GitHub all your iteration and models as you progress
(update your work in github so its recorded)

Competitive Advantages
7. Discuss the competitive advantages might be gained in developing the new information system. Identify and discuss the possible adverse effects for this Business if its information system project fails


6. Document your proposed work products and models. 


